Hi, a friend of mine gave me your contact number. They mentioned you might need some help on your farm and that you are looking for workers. Do you have any open positions right now or in the near future?
Hi, Bod I'm Luis I told you I'm Luis Nino and open to work
Hi Luis.  Thanks for your message.  

We are in the process of contacting and interviewing those who have expressed interest in working with us on our farm.  

The blueberry harvest season will be starting early to mid July and continuing through into August.  

Once the season finishes we will be expanding our farm and also launching a community project .  There will be many opportunities for the right candidates who wish to continue with us.  

If you can send me an email address I can forward you our interview form.  Once I receive the completed form I can arrange a time to speak with you and get to know you better. 

Thank you very much for your interest. 🙏

Talk to you soon! 😊

Best regards, 
Bobby
Hi Bod, sure my email address is gabrielnino@gmail.com
Thanks Luis.   Please watch for my email by this weekend.  If you don't receive it please let me know.  Thanks. 
Sure, I'll be attended 
Hi Luis.  I got delayed because of the farm work and hot weather this past weekend.    I will be sending you our interview form today.  Please watch for it. 
Hi Bod, how is doing everything??
I believe you need help. May you take a trial week? 
Hi Luis.  Are you available to chat on the phone sometime tomorrow? 

Best regards,
Bobby 

Blueberry Blessings 
Port Coquitlam 

Yea sure 
Let's text tomorrow and coordinate 
Ok thanks.  
Let me know if any particular time is better for you. 
Anytime is fine
I appreciate that.  I will connect with you tomorrow. Have a goodnight.  🙏
Thanks
Have a good one too
Hi Bob, I would like to have some information about your farm about your project. Please sent something ASAP
What is your email address? 
gabrielnino@gmail.com
Got it, I received the email 
The event is June 27 in two day??
Will be delayed to next weekend because of the rain. 
Going to charge my phone now. 
It's short time to do a proper social media strategy 
I have people working on it
What do you want from me or can be my position there?
Our first conversation was an introduction.  I will give it some thought and reconnect with you. 
Okay
Hi Bobby,

I wanted to share my actual professional background so you can see where my systems mindset comes from, along with a few small local sites I’ve built recently to launch fast digital solutions:

https://www.blueberryblessings.org/ (The layout concept I structured for you)

https://www.fiestaco.today/

https://www.rimrevive.store/

https://www.bcpoolsafety.com/

Finally, I just sent an email with my CV attached to give you the full picture. Let me know what you think!
Thanks Luis. I will review them today.