=== TRANSCRIPCIÓN DE AUDIO - BOBBY (BLUEBERRY BLESSINGS) ===
Fecha: 29 de Junio de 2026, 6:21 PM
Fuente: WhatsApp Voice Note
Idioma: English

[Bobby]: Yeah, sorry, it's like the call is being reported. Yeah. Sorry, are you in the... Yeah, no, I can hear you just have the call is being recorded. That's what it says. I just... That is a problem. It's like, I... I... I don't know nobody. I'm sorry. What? It is a problem because I am a food asset without... without trying. I'm sorry, I'm not understanding what you said. You used to get the call, but it says you played it. But no, it is... I don't know what... that's set up on my cell phone. But it is already the old call. Oh, okay. Okay. Sure enough. Anyways, yeah. So I just wanted to say that I reviewed your... the one 57 dollars rate I said. I appreciate that. And so the main health that I'm looking for right now, because we haven't heard the actual pharmacies in yet, we're still in the process of... we're going to be starting by the weekend, is that I'm doing the marketing. And I, you know, for the farm, for the Spanish and all of that. And I haven't seen that I'm developing or marketing team. And we have some people working on the website. We have some people working on, like, flyers to promote, you know, the blueberries and the extensions. So what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to see where you might fit, if there's a possibility where you might fit on the team. Yeah. So that's what I'm trying to understand, right? And the thing is with the marketing, English is very important, because the fluent English is very important. If you're new, it's a good word. So that's why. Because your English is still not, you know, as fluent. But I think your skill on the back end, on the actual dial inside is very good. So I'm just trying to see where I can, you know, support your reference to help you. And you can also help us. So I'm trying to understand. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So, um, so, um, do you, are you on this specific website design? Are you familiar with Wix? Wix? Yeah, is it, is that possible? Or for, I saw a trophy file or something like that? Yeah, and also it's made by Wix. Right? And how do you use that word? Uh, sometimes, but in the past. Okay. What do you use for making websites? What do you use? To connect websites, it depends on, and most of the time it is just a vertical API, or a vertical service head, or those of us, or in other cases, a certain. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, um, let's make a website. Okay. So, um, so, okay, the media is better. We do a, let's do a Zoom meeting if we can. Then we can see the Facebook page instead of on the both. And, uh, you know, I can share some more information with you. That's quite a bad way to proceed. Um, because it's a minimal personal. And, uh, so, let's make a website. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um, so, okay. The media is better. We do a Zoom meeting if we can. Then we can see the Facebook page instead of on the both. Okay. Okay. So, um, so, um, so, we can see the whole personal. And, um, so, let me arrange a Zoom with you. I'm just the one who's going to be right now. It's actually for our work. Thank you. And, um, are you, uh, are you, uh, are you, uh, I can help you? Yes. This week I am open. I don't know if I don't have anything to do. Okay. So, are you working currently? I came with a job permitting. I have, I don't know how this bridge. I have some customers. Sometimes I have total occupations. I have, uh, I don't know, uh, fair amount of jobs is good for us. Right. So, what, what can you do right now? What is your work? What do you do? Uh, uh, I work for many websites. What do you do? The A-B-A-B-N-O-C-S. Uh, no, there is, there is faculty. You've got some... Uh? Um, it is maintained some setups, computers and, uh, anyway... ...Spentful wipe tool, but... ... the storage needed. Okay. Okay. All right. Um, do you do more like, uh, what's the maintenance administration? Like, uh, what, what is that exactly that you say? Uh, uh... Right now I'm working in the whole process, built-in, management, administration, a grow, zero-seign automation. It is all just one thing, everything. Right, okay, very common sense. Okay, so just said, okay, so maybe what I'll do, I'll talk to my marketing team. And I'm not good for you to meet with us. So we've been seeing how we can integrate you. Because what we're trying to do is we're trying to increase the sales of our blueberries, right? Increase our market. That's the way that we're running our team is that we're doing a percentage basis. So if someone brings in a order, then we give them a percentage of the sales, right? So it's a commission basis that we give right now on that side for the marketing team. So if someone orders that comes in, we fulfill it and then basically you get a percentage. But that's what we're doing at the moment for the marketing team, or about that interest you at all. Yes, I am bringing justly down wages. I love to get up low-fade. It's not a wage. Right, because there's no potential in that. Because you can throw your own wage, right? Yeah, that's a good move. In many ways, I prefer that, but I'm in control of my time because I have many customers and I'm in a business. I've seen an older being by all the ways I have time for marketing. Okay, wonderful. All right, so let me talk to our team. Sure, then let me give action on that. And let us set up a Zoom to see for the person. And then let's have a dialogue on that, Al-Data. Okay? Okay, and then I'll be more detailed. So we understand more about doing not just on the delivery part, but also the community project side because there's a lot of potential on that side. That's all. Well, okay? Sounds good. Excellent. So Al-Data and thank you for taking the call. So I just gotta give it to the meeting. But I'll be in touch. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
